Hello, I want to tell you how
can clean the computer radiator
Kellet while packard gave 26
here is the dust
first time I took it apart completely
the processes are quite time consuming and
takes about an hour and a half if not
need to change thermal grease in
principle to disassemble
no need
just clean
radiator itself
for this we need the usual
paper clip
here
what are we doing
the video shows the radiator ducts we
on top gently insert the clip and
pushing
clip length
is up
no more than five centimeters
and so every time 2 but not neatly
in a hurry
cleansing
Further
we have air ducts and below
doing exactly the same operation
clip neatly bottom
we insert an air duct and we clean
radiator
Further
we reach the connector
and
we bend
creak this way in order to
clear bottom
we need a radiator duct
Insert the clip along the guide down and
just as neat
clean
Further
take the vacuum cleaner
preferably more powerful if there is
adjustment then you need to turn on full
power and
this is now the ventilation
hole we bring vacuum cleaners and
prize autumn here means grieving
chunks of dust
which we must subsequently remove
vacuuming slowly they are all in a hurry
of this lattice should
go out
further for prevention we are all
vent this and all of them
vacuuming
that's basically all
the process takes no more than 5 minutes
but your nickname
calves bask stops working
silently
But in general, and all all the success
thanks for watching all the best